\input texinfo
@setfilename eping.info

@titlepage
@title Eping
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Eping

This manual is for Eping 0.1.0
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Overview::
* Dependencies::
* How to use Eping::
* Configuration::
* Eping License::
* Index::
@end menu

@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@cindex Overview

Eping is an Emacs package that checks internet connectivity using
@command{ping}.

Eping requires that you have @command{ping} installed for it to work.

@node Dependencies
@chapter Dependencies

@cindex Dependencies

@section Required Dependency

@cindex Required dependency

Eping requires that you have @command{ping} installed.  Eping uses
@command{ping} to check internet connectivity.

@section Optional Dependency

@cindex Optional dependency

eSpeak is an optional dependency for Eping.  You need to have
@command{espeak} installed if you want Eping's result to be spoken to
you.

@node How to use Eping
@chapter How to use Eping

@cindex How to use Eping

Eping is used through it's @command{eping} command.

@section Minibuffer Output

@cindex Minibuffer output

@findex eping

@kindex eping minibuffer

@kbd{M-x eping}

You will be promted for a domain to ping and then for a number of
times to ping the domain.  Eping then pings the selected domain the
specified number of times with @command{ping}.  Eping outputs to the
minibuffer the success or failure of @command{ping} to ping the
domain.

@section eSpeak Output

@cindex eSpeak output

@kindex eping eSpeak

@kbd{C-u M-x eping}

You will be promted for a domain to ping and then for a number of
times to ping the domain.  Eping then pings the selected domain the
specified number of times with @command{ping}.  Eping will say the
success or failure of @command{ping} to ping the domain using
@command{espeak}.

@node Configuration
@chapter Configuration

@cindex Configuration

@section Configure list of domains

@cindex Configure list of domains

@vindex eping-domain-options

The @code{eping-domain-options} variable is a list of domains.  When
the user runs the @code{ping} function they are prompted to select
from this list.  The user can configure this to be a list of domains
of their choice.  Here is an example:

@lisp
(setq eping-domain-options
  '("haskell.org" "idris-lang.org" "rust-lang.org"))
@end lisp

@section Configure number of pings

@cindex Configure number of pings

@vindex eping-number-pings-options

The @code{eping-domain-options} variable is a list of number strings.
When the user runs the @code{ping} function they are prompted to
select from this list.  The user can configure this to be a list of
number strings of their choice.  Here is an example:

@lisp
(setq eping-number-pings-options '("10" "20" "30"))
@end lisp

@node Eping License
@appendix Eping License

@cindex License

Copyright @copyright{} 2020 Sean Hutchings

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@section Concept Index

@printindex cp

@section Keystroke Index

@printindex ky

@section Function Index

@printindex fn

@section Variable Index

@printindex vr

@bye
